I usually steer clear of your kind not
like a man is not afraid of little
eyeliner you know come on what's up
Scotty Wandell is here okay give me 30
seconds and sentimental kind of thing
yeah
there's no such thing as a binding
verbal agreement that's there uh if the
arrangement dad hadn't these people was
ongoing for more than a year even if it
was just a verbal agreement yeah it
could be enforced in a lawsuit which
could get expensive what should I do
I don't know rehire them make it right
what's the point of having a lawyer if
they can't help you tell me about it hey
you right shoes or Sarah Kevin's sister
yeah Scotty nice to meet you for a
second I thought maybe you were his beer
ah I'll need to senior prom your older
brother's a peach younger thanks for the
compliment it's not a compliment to you
it's an insult to me hardly I like older
guys
so Scotty are you a client I'm a witness
well I think I'm far more than a witness
but all you ever wants to talk about is
the case we're gonna clock here so okay
yeah Scotty how would you like to come
to a party tonight at my mom Sarah it's
a pool party my whole family will be
there love - should I bring a suit it's
really dress um Molly just might at
hotmail.com great well we'll see you
tonight - see
no but payback is red velvet cupcakes oh
wow that's that's really nice of you
Thank You Scotty my own recipe look I
just want to be real clear with you okay
my sister invited you here to get back
at me for what being so cute
yeah yeah that and and refusing to be
hurt tool you see she's fighting with my
brother and I wouldn't be tricked into
taking sighs so you don't want me here
it's it's wildly unprofessional okay you
know the witness at the pool party it's
not how you win cases well I'm more than
just the witness at the pool party I'm
Scotty Wandell from Oxford Mississippi
son of Wally and Bertha there's a Wally
Wandel yes
Wow and that's your dad of course
yeah the unknowable King
a leader of men no not really it turns
out just a man and one who has after his
passing been causing us all a great deal
of trouble yes no you may not you're
just the witness but it's what men do
right it's speaking as a gay one I've
never been able to master the art of
being faithful oh that's that's too bad
but then you can't be faithful that
evening until you know why you should
someone pass a mango peach salsa but
someone please pass the mango peach
salsa de Scotty